Platform options (#998)
AvaloniaUI/avalonia-docs: docs/platform-specific-guides/ios.md

The bold text at the top of the window on your selected development certificate is your signing key value (e.g., `Apple Development: dan@walms.co.uk (3L323F7VSS)`).

## Configuring iOS platform options

`iOSPlatformOptions` controls how Avalonia renders on iOS. Apply it by overriding `CustomizeAppBuilder` in your `AppDelegate`, which inherits from `AvaloniaAppDelegate`:

```csharp
protected override AppBuilder CustomizeAppBuilder(AppBuilder builder)
{
    return base.CustomizeAppBuilder(builder)
        .With(new iOSPlatformOptions
        {
            RenderingMode = new[]
            {
                iOSRenderingMode.Metal,
                iOSRenderingMode.OpenGl
            }
        });
}
```

### Rendering mode

> `RenderingMode` is an ordered list of graphics backends. Avalonia tries each one in turn and uses the first that initializes successfully, so the first entry has the highest priority. The default is `Metal`, then `OpenGl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RenderingMode` is an ordered list of graphics backends. Avalonia tries each one in turn and uses the first that initializes successfully, so the first entry has the highest priority. The default is a two-item list of `Metal` first, `OpenGl` second.
```

| Mode | Description |
|---|---|

> | `Metal` | GPU rendering through Metal. Currently works only on iOS, and is not yet stable. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Metal` | GPU rendering through Metal. |
```

Can't confirm 100%, but I don't feel we should mention this in any case, given we're also offering Metal as the first choice on macOS.
